the king of a rod the Canaanite who
dwelt in the south heard that Israel was
coming on the road to essaouira then he
fought against Israel and took some of
them prisoners so Israel made a vow to
the Lord and said if you will indeed
deliver this people into my hand then I
will utter ly destroy their cities and
the Lord listened to the voice of Israel
and delivered up the Canaanites and they
utterly destroyed them and their cities
so the name of that place was called
former then they journeyed from mount
hor by way of the Red Sea to go around
the land of Edom and the soul of the
people became very discouraged on the
way and the people spoke against God and
against Moses why have you brought us up
out of Egypt to die in the wilderness
but there is no food and no water and
our solos this worthless bread so the
Lord sent fiery serpents among the
people and they bit the people and many
of the people of Israel died therefore
the people came to Moses and said we
have sinned
for we have spoken against the Lord and
against you
pray to the Lord that he take away the
Serpent's from us so Moses prayed for
the people then the Lord said to Moses
make a fiery Serpent and set it on a
pole and it shall be that everyone who
is bitten when he looks at it shall live
so Moses made a bronze seventh and put
it on a pole and so it was if a serpent
had bitten anyone when he looked at the
bronze serpent he lived now the children
of Israel moved on and camped in Oberth
and they journeyed from Oberth and
camped at IJ Abbadon in the wilderness
which is east of moab toward the sunrise
from there they moved and camped in the
valley of zr8 from there they moved and
camped on the other side of the Amman
which is in the wilderness that extends
from the border of the Amur ants for the
Arnon is the border of Moab between Moab
and the ammonites therefore it is said
in the book of the Wars of the Lord
warhead in sufer the Brooks of the Arnon
and the slope of the Brooks that reaches
to the dwelling of our and lies on the
border of Moab from there they went to
be air which is the wealth where the
Lord said to Moses gather the people
together and I will give them water then
Israel sang this song spring up oh well
all of you sing to it the well the
leaders sink dug by the nation's Nobles
by the lawgiver with their staves
[Music]
and from the wilderness they went to
Metta nur from Mariner tuna hey Leo from
nough hey Leo - bailiff and from famous
in the valley that is in the country of
Moab to the top of Pisgah which looks
down on the wasteland Israel sent
messengers to Sihon king of the
ammonites let me pass through your land
we will not turn aside into fields or
vineyards we will not drink water from
wells we will go by the Kings Highway
until we have passed through your
territory but Sion would not allow
Israel to pass through his territory
so Sion gathered all his people together
and went out against Israel in the
wilderness and came to J has and fought
against Israel in Israel defeated him
with the edge of the sword took
possession of his land from the Arnon to
the Jabbar
as far as the people of ammon but the
border of the people of ammon was
fortified so Israel took all these
cities and Israel dwelt in all the
cities of the ammonites in heshbon and
in all its villages for Heshbon was the
city of Sihon king of the ammonites who
would fought against the former king of
Moab and had taken all his land from his
hand as far as the honor where for those
who speak in Proverbs say come to
heshbon let it be built that the city of
Sion be repaired for fire went out from
heshbon a flame from the city of Sion it
consumed our of Moab the lords of the
heights of the Annan woe to you more
you have perished o people of key mush
he has given his sons as fugitives and
his daughters into captivity to saya
king of the ammonites but we have
shuttled Heshbon has perished as far as
died on then we laid waste as far as
nofa which reaches to medibot thus
israel dwelt in the land of the amorite
where Moses sent to spy out Jason and
they took its villages and drove out the
amorite sewer then they turned and went
up by the way temptation so Ark king of
Bashan went out against them he and all
his people to battle at Adria and the
Lord said to Moses do not fear him for I
have delivered him into your hand with
all his people and his land and you
shall do to him as you did to saya
king of the amorite who dwelt in fish
bone so they defeated him his sons and
all his people until there was no
survivor left him and they took
possession of his land